Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Where's Daddy?
I love it.
Are we going to the mountains tomorrow,
Daddy? Are we? Are we? Are we?
- I love you.
- I love you too.
- Goodnight.
Oh, my God!
I always do it.
What?
Yeah!
That was awesome. Alright, my turn.
This is fun.
- Are you okay, Daddy?
- Yeah. Yeah.
- Freddie, watch it.
- Oh, God!
- Oh, shit!
- Freddie!
Oh, my God!
Shit!
That was kind of fun.
Hi. I'm looking for Wall. For Otto Wall.
Okay.
I... I never should've let
Freddie drive so fast.
That was so... so dumb of me.
What are you thinking?
- What if you lose your foot?
- My foot?
- The doctor said that there was a chance.
- No. No way. No chance.
Why did you have to do this now?
Hey, come here.
- What are we gonna do?
- Come here.
- Come here. Listen.
- Otto...
Come over here. Come over here.
Listen, I'm telling you...
we're gonna get through this. Okay?
We're gonna be just fine.
This is nothing.
It's a nick, it's a scratch.
We'll be fine.
Come here. Give me a hug.
You don't believe me?
Mama, why did this happen to Daddy?
Why do these things
always happen to Daddy?
He doesn't pay attention.
Hey!
What are we going to do with you?
- Ginny.
- You saw the caller I.D.
It's Ginny Summerson.
Your senior counselor
from Camp Mishancominga.
- How are you?
- Goo...
And guess what?
Liz, Collie and I are organizing
a 20th anniversary camp reunion.
- Great.
- Isn't that great?
And Russell and Randall Kendriff
will come. And Lara Cuff.
Lara Cuff.
I thought that would get you.
Now, Otto, I'm gonna send you
the e-vite and you come, okay? Bye.
Goodbye. Bye.
- I wanna pray for Daddy.
- Pray?
Yes. I want God to be nice to him.
Hi.
I need you to come
to my therapist this afternoon...
at 3 o'clock. Can you make it?
You have a therapist?
So... Otto.
How is your foot?
Are you comfortable there?
Oh, yes, thanks. It's fine. Thank you.
Yes. Annie thinks
that you're almost healed.
I'm so glad you've been...
had quite a time of it, haven't you?
Oh, it's, you know...
it's not such a big deal.
Well, you're lucky in a way.
Oh, I know. I am.
Yes.
It's nice to put a face
to your name finally.
Thanks.
I...
I need to...
I think...
I'm sorry.
It's alright.
Your marriage is over.
- Excuse me.
- Your marriage, it's over.
No. What?
And Annie would like for you to get
your own place as soon as possible.
What?
And arrangements will be made,
of course for your daughter.
Responsibilities that have
to be shared. You both work.
So Annie needs for you to be flexible...
Annie, Annie, what is this?
I have a lawyer.
Gus Menzies.
- The guy from TV?
- I know Gus.
- The "Gotta Call Gus" guy?
- He's very good.
Wait a minute. Wait. You have a lawyer?
Hold on. Annie, are you serious?
I mean, this is... this is crazy.
- It's always hard to hear.
- Don't you think that we should discuss this?
- No, no, it's not open to discussion.
- No. I want you to leave.
Why? What's happened?
It's better for everybody.
Why? I mean, don't you think
we should try
and find someone to talk to
about this or some kind of...
I mean, we could get counseling.
I mean, if you really want to...
- I don't want to.
- ...if you're serious.
I don't understand.
Are you that unhappy?
You know, we don't need
to get into that right now.
Now is not the time.
Now is not the time?
You know this session really is just
to notify you of Annie's intention.
Will you please... please.
Why are you unhappy? Is it something...
- What am I not doing?
- Otto.
What happened? How did I not know?
Is it because of my accident?
- No, it's not. It isn't.
- No.
Because I know it was stupid
and it's all my fault
but I'm gonna be up completely soon.
I really am. And I'll be able
to help out more with Ede.
- Otto. Otto.
- And at home, I'll be...
Otto, honey, this... it's...
It's over.
Will you stop it, please. Just...
God damn it.
Please tell me why you would do this?
Like this?
Just blind side me like this
without any warning or anything?
- It just seems crazy.
- It's hard to take in, you know.
- It's trauma. Trauma is...
- Will you shut the fuck up.
- You know, you need to...
- You gotta shut the fuck up.
Okay? I don't wanna do this.
I do.
- We don't even fight.
- I know. Exactly.
Can you...
What about Ede?
She'll be fine.
She knows.
She knows something isn't right.
And she's resilient.
Thank you.
- And she won't...
- No, no. It's over.
Done. Case closed. Bam.
They filed electronically, so you
couldn't stop even if you wanted too.
A fait accompli.
I don't understand.
Fait accompli.
That means it's over.
I mean, apparently she's been
working on that for a while.
Gosh, what... what happened?
I mean, you didn't...
You didn't try to murder her
or something, did ya?
We were fine. And I thought I...
Maybe 3 years ago, there was some
suggestion of going to counseling,
but I don't even remember
what became of that.
- I can't do anything?
- Well, you can move on.
Listen, I can't... Well, again,
I can't tell you how sorry I am,
but we'll see things are fair and square,
you know, property wise.
Now... I need your e-sig...
Oh, gee-whiz.
I need your e-signature on this thing.
So this is the last one
that I thought of.
Maybe this will suit
what you're looking for.
Did I mention wantin' a large backyard?
- Annie...
- You could've gotten someone to help you.
- You could...
- What time does Ede get dropped?
I can do it in time. It just took longer
with, you know, one foot and I...
- Ede.
I'm fine. Leave me alone.
Ede, hi. What are you doin'?
That sounds cool.
Fabulous!
Yeah.
I didn't break it. I fell over...
It's so hard to get it on.
- No, it's supposed to be a skirt.
- Like right there, that would look better.
No, I don't wanna wear this.
I don't wanna be the princess.
I wanna be the queen, or the king.
Ede?
Hey...
Ede, maybe I can pick you up after that
and you can come see what I have done...
just for you. I think
you're gonna like...
Okay.
No, I can't do Wednesday.
Can you do Thursday?
Tumblin'? You do tumblin'?
Do you have any time open on Friday?
Don't do it. Don't do it.
Don't do it. This is...
Oh, divorced.
Oh, my God, and Stephanie Giljames
you are still so hot!
Oh, Lara.
Look at this. Look. Did you see?
And then look. And look at this.
Look at this thing!
Do you think it's pretty?
I love it.
Come over here.
Oh, my gosh!
Ede?
Garlic toast. Yeah?
And then we started running
on the jungle gym
and then we started going
on the top and going down.
Then we were pretending that one
of the other clans was discovering us.
We had to run and hide.
'Cause it'll be dangerous if one
of the other clans discovered another clan.
'Cause they'd kill 'em.
And then, Lilly's mom gave us
fresh roadkill, which was muffins.
- What's fresh... what?
- Fresh roadkill.
She gave us what she said
was fresh roadkill.
- Even though it was pumpkin muffins.
- Oh, she was joking?
- Yeah.
- Okay.
You're boiling over. Watch out!
So anyway, Lilly has a big house,
so last Saturday I went over
and she has a garden with cool, old stonewalls
and we played like it was a castle.
Like it was a castle?
Have you seen my backyard?
Have you seen how big it is?
Come on. Come on.
I'll show you the backyard. Come on.
Can we have a garden?
I wanna make, like, a secret garden
with walls and gates and flowers.
Walls? Okay.
Like over here.
You can do that, couldn't you?
And then maybe Lilly could come over.
Sure. Yeah.
Let's ask her for a date.
Or you know, play date.
Yeah. Except, you know,
her mother doesn't know you.
You'd have to make that okay.
Absolutely.
How do we do that?
Goodnight, Edith.
You shocked me.
Sorry.
Daddy, you're so funny. I love you.
I love you too.
And... I'm really sorry
this all had to happen.
I know. Mama says now she can breathe.
Can you breathe? Are you okay?
I'm okay.
- That's not work, is it?
- Oh, it's...
Come on. I heard some news.
I wanna talk to you. Follow me.
Is it the audit? Are you...
You're not firing people, are you?
Don't tell me
that I'm gonna lose my job.
You're getting divorced?
How did you hear that?
I haven't even told anyone.
That's horrible! Horrible!
I bet you're just stunned, right? I mean...
listen, we don't have to talk about it.
- I mean, I am your boss, it's private.
- Yeah. Well, I...
Well, you just think of yourself
as the biggest loser ever, right?
Well... I really don't know
what's happening.
I just sort of... I just sort of muddle
through my days, you know. And I'm...
I'm stunned like you said.
Well, I don't wanna scare you too badly,
but divorce is hands down
the worst thing I ever went
through my entire life.
Really?
'Cause no matter how horrible
the marriage was...
I don't even think it was that bad.
Well, you know what? It's not as bad
as what's ahead of you because at one time
you thought there was love there, right?
In your life? Well, you were wrong.
Listen to me, okay?
It's been 5 years, and I still don't have
a clue why it all went wrong, really.
I mean, you're never going
to really understand.
- How did you get through it?
- Otto, I was suicidal for like a year.
And I didn't even know it.
I was just drifting along, right?
- Took me forever to find a reason to live.
- And what was it?
I'm just so sorry for you.
I can't tell you how sorry I am.
- Tell me you'll be okay.
- I'll be okay.
- Yeah? You're gonna be alright?
- Yeah. Sure.
Oh, God! It's awful.
Thanks for your concern, Holly.
- I've got 8 cats.
- Okay.
I shouldn't have brought it up.
Shazam!
Dick Conner!
Annie! Annie! Fuck!
Fuck!
Shit!
If this hematoma doesn't go down we might
have to go back in and change the bolts.
Okay?
Go back in?
And let me tell you this, you start feeling
a knobby hard place up here?
And you find your toes
are turning purple?
We will be chopping it off.
The foot.
- No?
- Oh, yeah.
You know, I've set a goal of...
- There's this 10K that I'd like to be ready for.
- You know, I'm trying to scare you.
Oh, you're doing a good job.
So be smart.
- How are you doing otherwise?
- I'm great.
How are your girls? Annie's running?
We're separated.
- Well, no wonder you're pushing.
- Yeah, I'm just trying to get healthy.
I got... I got what you need.
Generic Ativan.
Just for when the blues come on.
Mellows things out.
I pop 'em like candy.
I'm kiddin'.
But...
we all need some way
to get through the night.
Try and find some other activity
that keeps you off your feet.
- Okay.
- Know what I mean?
- Alright.
- Yeah.
Keep using the cane.
"Fee time.
What's your favorite restaurant?"
Oh, my God. Otto!
I gotta go. Have the Hammersmark transferred
to Chicago and don't bother me with it.
- Oh, my God! You look fantastic.
- Hi! Thank you.
- I'm always early.
- Good.
You're so hot! You're handsome!
You're smokin'!
Do you not hear that all the time?
- No. I'm married. Or...
- Okay.
- Sit down. I got this Pinot Gris.
And you're, like, still so beautiful.
You still talk so softly.
I was so thrilled to find you again.
I mean, how long has it been
since we dated? Like, 15 years?
More actually.
- Jesus!
- It's alright.
- Are you okay?
- Yeah.
- Life?
- Just not myself.
Yeah. I saw on the... I saw on the...
You've got big sons. I just...
Can you believe it? I mean,
they're both at McCallie Prep.
And... you've a little girl.
I do.
Ede. She's 9. She's great.
- Who did you marry, Otto Wall?
- Annie. Mick Williams.
I don't think you know her.
And... and we're not together.
Is she beautiful?
Yeah. Yeah.
- My sons are gonna be studs.
- No kidding. Come on.
Grayson was a stud.
You never met Grayson, did you?
- No, I don't think so. Not face to face.
- He was a fucking asshole!
He cheated on me four times.
I mean, how stupid am I?
What about you?
No. You know, no I... No cheating.
Are you recent? We divorced last fall.
Well, we're...
We're not actually divorced yet.
I've never said that word before.
Get used to it.
It's a fucking great word.
It's a great place to be.
No fucking strings!
I have never had so much fun.
I should tell you straight out, I'm not
around a lot. In and out. No strings.
- Thank you for driving up from Charlotte.
- No problem.
I think this wine's too fruity.
Let me order something else?
Do you want something, or...
What do you want?
Don't get up.
I like to be at my desk by 8.
If I go 90 on the freeway, I'll make it.
I have a power bar in the car.
It was so fun to see you, Otto.
You should think about
boarding school for your kid.
Stay in touch when you can, alright?
It's so easy now.
Don't get up, okay?
- You are shitting me.
- We had a really hot time.
This is an old girlfriend
who found you on Facebook?
Women. You know, it's...
it's kind of exciting.
It's like a new world.
I mean, I don't...
I don't know if it'll even ever happen again
but I think it was just maybe 'cause...
- I'm available?
- This isn't dating. Ladies have needs.
Daddy?
- Yeah.
- I wanna go to church.
What?
What? Otto? You there?
Otto.
Otto!
Shit.
What was that the other night?
Last week.
That cursing, that message you left?
What was that?
I had... I had just...
And I've just been so pleased
with how civil this has all been.
So maybe just don't...
- do it again, okay?
- Shit.
You know what, maybe
we can work something out?
So we aren't both here
at the same time too?
'Cause you know, this is...
this is my time.
This is your time?
Ede has tae Kwon do. I have 50 minutes.
You know that, Otto.
I know this is hard for you
and I'm sorry about that.
Do you think Ede's fine with this?
It's all for the good.
- All for the good?
- Listen...
It's nobody's fault.
It's both of our fault.
That's... the way life is.
No. Not always.
Annie, you and I... Hey.
You and I, we have got to just...
Really? Doing this here?
That's really fair.
Fair? I...
I'm only gonna get,
like, 20 minutes to swim now.
Well, I can pick Ede up
after tae Kwon do
and then I can bring
her over to you later.
- No, because we have an arrangement.
- Annie, I wanna...
If you wanna communicate with me
do it through your lawyer.
- That's what we're supposed to do.
- Wait. Just wait.
Let's just get on with things.
Okay? Because...
I am. I have.
- Goodbye, Otto.
- Just... God damn it!
Okay.
Let me think.
I liked the picture of you
in your kayak.
I liked your name.
Oh, God! Mildred?
Yeah. Are you kidding me?
It's old fashioned and cool.
Good. Then what about me?
Well, I like your face.
And your, really,
your beautiful breasts.
And your... booty.
You like my sweet little cooty cat?
I...
'Cause I like your cock in my pussy.
That's what I think is sexy.
I like your hands on my flesh.
I like that you have calluses
on the palms of your hands.
So that it's rough when you touch
the inside of my thighs.
What's your last name?
- Wall.
- What?
That's kind of funny.
It's Anglo-Saxon.
Yeah. Of course.
Mildred... are you...
wet?
Do me right, Mr. Wall.
And then pull out really slowly
until I scream.
Can you do that?
Can you do that for me?
Well, I can give it a shot?
Can I kiss your little... cooty cat?
- And...
- Yeah.
Blow softly on it?
And maybe just, like, flick it?
And... and have my rough...
- have my calluses...
- Yeah, your calluses.
- ...on your nipples?
- Yeah. Lightly.
Mildred, I wanna turn you over...
And I wanna kiss you...
and your breasts...
and then that place...
where your neck
and your shoulder meet...
- Clavicle?
- Yes. Clavicle.
Yeah. Kiss my clavicle.
Oh, God.
Oh, it's so good.
God.
Oh, God.
Fuck.
That was good.
That was amazing.
Thank you.
Oh, the pleasure was mine.
Believe me, I don't like to have to call you
either but you don't answer my emails.
All I do is chauffeur her around.
You know we need time
to do things together.
And I know she wants to
because she texted me.
I can take her this weekend.
Well, can't she... can't she spend
the night at Molly's another time?
Can we make this work?
I can pick her up at 3.
- You wanna try it again?
- Yeah.
Come here. Let me see that.
You moved your snot to your cheek.
You can't... comes out of your nose,
you gotta flick it off out of the pool.
That's what the pros do.
Daddy, you lost your screw-in tooth.
It was permanent I thought.
Oh, my gosh!
Come on, let's see if we can find it.
Thank you very much.
What did he say?
He said I've got an appointment
for next Wednesday.
And that these things happen.
Yeah. They do.
- Hello.
- Hey, there.
- Hi, I'm Ede.
- Hello, Ede.
- Have y'all been to our church before?
- No, but my Daddy needs it.
Well... we are all glad
that you're here today.
- Miss Ede.
- Miz Ede. Thanks.
We hope y'all keep comin'.
We all need to find what sustains us.
Thank you.
Such a nice guy
and then bam he hurts himself.
Good singing though.
Did you like the singing?
What the...
What is it? What happened?
I think we've been robbed.
Oh, shit. They took my old CD player.
- Who did?
- No, no, no. Hey, hey, hey.
Don't step on the glass. Just stand back,
Ede. Don't touch anything, honey.
Just hold on.
We're gonna call the police
right now, okay?
Shit. Just stand still. It's okay.
You can go. I'm fine.
Sorry.
Why do you look so familiar?
Daddy, have you double checked
all the doors and windows like I asked?
You are a nurse.
I'm the night supervisor at Heritage
Village retirement community.
- I hear that's nice.
- It is.
Where's your daughter this weekend?
Is she with your soon-to-be ex-wife?
- Yeah. Yeah.
- She's really, really cute.
- Yes.
- What does she like to do?
She's actually really excited right now
because I'm building a stonewall
around this garden that she's planned.
Although I don't know
if I'll ever finish it, but...
- This is really great.
- Do you think so?
Yeah, I do. That sounds like
completely cool and I'm excited.
I'm glad you could come.
I love it. It's so cute. Oh, my God.
It's great, so great.
What is this? Can we go for a ride?
- Let's just hike.
- Are there trails?
- We'll bushwhack.
- Okay. I like how adventurous you are.
I'm Debbie Spangler!
No echo.
Oh, I feel like
I'm getting good at this.
- What?
- Do you like fish tacos?
I never had them.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- Well, do you like fish?
- I do like fish.
I think you're gonna like this sauce.
And I really don't wanna burn this fish.
Let me just... turn it off...
Adventurous?
Oh, my goodness.
Yes.
Fuck! Fuck!
Again. Yeah.
I'm Debbie Spangler!
I wanna read my Bible.
You shouldn't have done that.
What's that?
- We shouldn't have.
- Done what? Last night?
I don't like myself right now
and I really wish that I hadn't come.
That's too bad, you know,
because I really enjoyed...
Well, I feel terrible.
I feel so terrible.
I feel so bad, and it's all your fault.
You are a terrible person
for doing this to me!
Hold on a second. You know, I...
I'm sorry if you feel like you did
something that you didn't wanna do,
but I would never force you
to do anything.
And really, we didn't do anything wrong.
- You know. It's okay. No.
- Yes, we did. Yes, we did.
- What are you...
- Yes, we did, Otto!
- No.
- You're someone's father.
Oh, my God, this is
the worst thing in the world.
- No. Debbie, no, it's not.
- I don't even know you.
We don't even know each other.
Who are you? Who are you?
- I'm Otto Wall.
- You are a crazy person.
- I'm not crazy.
- Yes, you are. You're a crazy person.
How did I even end up
going with you at all?
- What did you say to me? What did you do?
- You wrote to me and...
Well, I was out of my mind!
- Debbie...
- I wasn't thinking. Stop it!
Why was it me?
Why was it Debbie Spangler?
Wait, your... wait, your bag,
your bag, your bag.
Ede.
And what is this?
Oh, my goodness!
Okay, can I have that, please?
That is a toy. And it's for adults.
- How do you use it?
- It... it's...
It's for adults. How's school, Ede?
Man, don't laugh.
It was terrible!
You know, when she was
holding it in her little hand.
It's funny though. You can't see that?
- Am I screwing her up?
- Oh, that Debbie sounds like a maniac.
No, she's a nice person.
Kinda unstable, but... you know...
Jeez, you know, what could I do?
I can't handle that. These women...
You don't... you don't promise them
anything, do you?
I like them. I want them to be happy.
No, sex. That's what you all want.
It was not like this when I was single.
And after 11 years of Annie not...
You know, the last two years,
we never...
There wasn't any love. So...
And maybe I should take
some responsibility there too.
You know, she was always
secretive and... and...
distant.
You know, I guess, I...
I guess I just gave up
trying to reach her.
I did not know
what was going on with her.
And I don't... I don't... I don't...
I don't know if I ever did.
God, that is so sad.
But now, you know, just...
Just to make someone else
feel good, it's...
you know, it's given me
my confidence back.
You know, as a man.
Freddie, are you still there?
Yeah. You sound like a girl.
I don't know what you're talking about.
Listen, go for a run.
It'll all feel better.
I gotta save some kids' lives
here, buddy.
You're okay. Bye-bye.
Oh, God!
- Maybe we... Listen, listen, listen.
- What?
This is so important. This is so important.
We've to be quiet, okay?
- Okay.
- My daughter's sleeping.
Okay. We'll be kinda quiet.
- Are you okay?
- No, I think I swallowed my tooth.
- You did what?
- I think I swallowed my tooth.
Your tooth?
I did. I swallowed my fake tooth.
You swallowed your tooth!
- It's not funny...
- It is funny.
- No, it's not.
- Maybe we should get upstairs.
Oh, it's fine.
- Okay.
- Hey, do you maybe wanna go on a date?
What?
Well, I was thinking, Mildred...
maybe we could go to a movie.
I'm sorry... but are you,
like, wanting more?
'Cause I don't... I don't think
that that's what I want.
Yeah, I mean, and this...
this thing that we have...
that's awesome for me, you know?
Is that okay with you?
I mean, what do you...
what do you think that you want?
I...
Okay. Alright, goodnight, Otto.
Goodnight, Mildred.
I'm in.
- You know, you are kind of a disaster.
- Really?
Yeah. But you're a crazy fun fuck.
Hurrah!
And you make me feel pretty.
Daddy!
Oh, hey, what is it?
What is it? What is it?
You can't leave me.
I'm not gonna leave you.
Hey, hey.
Listen, listen, listen, I'm right here.
Okay? I love you more
than anything in the world.
Come here. Come here.
Otto! Otto! Otto Wall is here.
Otto.
Hey. Hey, Otto.
You remember me?
- Liz! Liz! Liz, Otto came.
- You don't remember me, do you?
Liz's mother's here. Remember her?
There she is!
You look killer, man.
- Otto!
- Hey, Liz.
- And Lara said she's coming from Raleigh.
- Oh, really?
I thought I was gonna...
- How many kids do you have?
- I just have one.
Ede. She's nine.
And I... I'm separated.
- From her?
- No, no. From my wife.
We're getting a divorce.
Well, you're young.
Lots more fish out there.
So he's tearing down the hill
and leaps into the water...
I knew you'd be late.
This looks awesome.
- You did a great job...
- Well, thank you.
Well, you know, it wouldn't be the same
without you. I'm so glad you came.
And then he starts just
swimming around with this pitiful...
- This is Rosie.
- How are you?
Good.
Hooray up she rises, hooray up she rises
Hooray up she rises early in the morning
Put him in the rain till he gets sober
- You still don't remember me?
- Just one second.
...early in the morning
Hooray up she rises, hooray up she rises
Hooray up she rises early in the morning
That's what we do with a drunken sailor
That's what we do
with a drunken sailor...
- Lara... where are you going?
- Oh, no.
- Oh, my God, Otto!
- Where were you going?
- You're not here.
- You can't leave right now. Come on.
I have to. I'm... I'm getting...
I'm driving back to Raleigh.
I'm getting scuba... sort of vacation.
You can't go.
We didn't even get a chance...
I know, I know.
- It's... but it's my last class.
- ...first saw you and I didn't...
I didn't even think
that I could, you know...
I didn't even think I could come here
tonight at all. Oh, my God.
Yeah. So...
- You rascal!
- I'm not a rascal.
Can I... you know, can I give you my...
Can I give you my e-mail, and...
- figure out how this... Okay.
- Here, let me. I can.
- Otto, I'm planning a trip.
- You are.
- How are you?
- I'm...
- What have you done with your life?
- I...
Thanks. My husband gave me this thing.
It's a really nice present.
I got one for my daughter.
Ginny said you have a little girl.
I do.
Does she have your eyelashes?
Remember when we put mascara on you
because we thought you are so... pretty?
No, I have no memory of that at all.
Yeah. Do you think I could
still block you at the rim?
- Can you still jump?
- Of course.
At least you're a little taller
than me now.
Come on, you guys. Come on.
- I... I've gotta go.
- No. No, you don't.
Oh, this was so wonderful.
Thank you so much.
See you, bye. Bye.
Okay, thank you, Ginny,
it was really wonderful.
Typical. Always flying away.
Well, come on, you don't have to go.
Make new friends but keep the old
One is silver and the other's gold
A circle is round and has no end
That's how long I want to be your friend
Make new friends but keep the old
Richard Watts.
His name was Richard Watts.
What?
Nothing.
- Daddy.
- Yeah.
- I'm sorry.
- Why?
I don't wanna spend the night
here anymore.
Why not?
I don't feel safe. It's not safe.
- Yes. Yes, it is.
- No, it's not.
There are robbers here. And accidents.
And... I think you'd have more fun
if I wasn't around at night too.
Say, go to sleep. I love you.
I love you too, Daddy.
What? Sorry.
- Hello.
- Hey, it's Otto.
- Who?
- Otto. Otto Wall.
Oh, I'm sorry. I'm...
My mind's on... on other things.
Hi, Otto Wall.
So you got home alright.
Are you... are you certified now?
Oh, yes. I'm so...
I'm so spacing. Sorry.
I have done some divin'...
Well, snorkeling really.
Yeah? Oh, well, we used to...
take the kids snorkeling
when they were... when they were little.
- Hey, how many kids did you...
- Grant had two when we got married
and now Carter is 22 and Elaina is 19.
So I am done...
completely. I'm free. Yahoo!
Yeah. Ginny said that you...
That I'm getting divorced.
Yep. Just filed last week.
You too, she said. Sorry.
Thanks.
It's okay.
The whole thing's kind of a mystery,
isn't it?
Oh, I hear ya.
I'm packing right now.
You're moving?
Well, I found this...
this surfing school in Costa Rica.
So I'm... I'm gonna go there
for six weeks and do this...
like, total immersion
Spanish thing. So...
And then, I'm doing
a... a building project
in Papua New Guinea for a year.
My God.
That sounds just like you.
When you got the chance,
jump off the cliff, remember?
- Yeah.
- What... what about you?
- How are you getting through?
- How am I... what... how what?
Yeah. I mean, did she break your heart
or did you, you know, did you break hers?
Oh, I... I don't know.
She was seeing someone.
Hey, did you and your husband,
did you fight?
God, yeah.
Yes. Mark, my... my first husband...
he tried to... kill me more than once.
And I have a restraining order
against him.
I mean, I still... I still do.
God, Lara, how did you...
Survive?
Yeah.
Well... well, what...
what can I tell you?
I don't know what Ginny said.
Mark and I had a son...
that drowned, Otto.
I'm so sorry.
Yeah. Thanks.
You know, I...
I have no idea how I... you know,
how I did it, and I have no answers.
You just... you...
you know, you take all this stuff...
all this life stuff
and... and... and you...
can, you know, collapse or you can not.
And I... I chose... I chose not to.
But I'll... I'll tell you, Otto.
I... I think ab...
I think about him all the time.
And that's...
that's... you know,
I guess I do it for him.
I just continue... for Paul.
That was his name.
You... you know, you make a choice...
and you live your life, and that's it.
So deep.
Anyway, I'm looking
to have an adventure...
you know, of my own design.
I'm thinking of... like,
starting a blog.
Shall I put you on my list?
Would you... Yes. Sure. Please do.
God, Otto. It's so weird!
- What is?
- You and me.
I feel like... I feel like...
I... we just spoke...
Yesterday.
I know. And it's been,
like... like 20 years.
- Isn't that crazy? That's a lifetime.
- Yeah.
It's a riot.
Oh, good.
I'm so glad to get you.
Listen, Lara, I was...
Is there any way I can come see you
sometime? Just drive over and...
This is Otto.
Yeah, no, no, no.
No, nothing's wrong. I just...
I would really like to talk
to you some time or...
When?
You're in town now? Today?
I mean, well... if you get
the chance before you go back,
you know, that would...
that would be great.
No, no, I know.
Just see if it works out.
It's no big deal. Okay.
Bye.
Oh, shit.
I'm back here.
Hi.
You have something I want.
I also, I really want
to apologize, Otto.
I thought about things and...
I was just freaking out or something
in the mountains.
- I run a little hot and cold.
- Yeah, just a little.
You know, it's... it was no big deal.
We didn't know each other very well and...
you know, maybe we shouldn't have...
No, I do that sometimes
when I'm overwhelmed.
- Really?
- Yeah.
But I prayed about it...
and...
I really enjoyed myself...
in the mountains with you.
Good. I did too for the most part.
And I think that we should...
get to know each other.
'Cause I think that you are
a really good father.
Do you really think so?
Do...
you forgive me?
Sure. Sure I do.
Goodness.
I don't know if...
Are you sure this is a good... idea...
Debbie... Spangler?
Yes.
Oh, my God. I think that's Ede.
- What am I doing? Wait, wait.
- No, no, no, no.
Come on. No. Don't, don't, don't.
Aren't you early? Where's Ede?
She's...
We need to talk.
There's been a change of plans.
What? Oh, so, you get to change
plans just like that? God.
She cried, Otto.
She really doesn't want
to come over here.
- What are you talking about?
- Well, when I finally got her to speak...
she said...
that you have girls here all the time.
I...
I've never had women here
when Ede's been here.
Really?
She's says she hears you fucking.
- What?
- She says that you have sex toys.
- I...
- Is she lying to me? She's lying to me.
Listen, there was a...
There was a woman, a friend...
A woman who had been
in the car... not with Ede.
She dropped her sex toy in your car.
- Annie...
- No!
I'm not exposing my daughter to that.
- Come on. She wasn't exposed to anything.
- And I...
I'm sorry to have to tell you...
that I'm going to talk to my lawyer
about the joint custody.
I am.
I... I never thought that you were
this kind of man.
I didn't. I guess, I just... never really...
knew you very well, ever.
- Annie...
- I thought that you cared
- about the welfare of your child.
- I do!
Children come first, Otto.
Parents have to set an example.
- Oh, really?
- Yes.
You mean like having an affair?
You mean, like, fucking somebody
when you're still married.
Like... like never touching
your husband?
Is that the kind of example
you thought was healthy for Ede?
- Otto. I...
- Yeah? I know about it.
I know what you did. I saw it on the...
I know about it. What about that?
And he looks like a real upstanding
citizen too, is he? Is he?
And does Ede not know what her mother's
doing in the bedroom next to hers?
- In my bed!
- Don't you yell at me.
- You've never spoken to me like this.
- I know! It's about time.
You don't have any room to judge me.
My life... is my own.
Richard is a wonderful man...
and father.
You don't fucking know him... okay?
- When we started texting, I...
- Oh, my God.
And what...
- What I did...
- What, yeah?
- What I did... I did it.
- Justify it. Come on.
- I needed it.
- Okay.
- To survive!
- You're an asshole! Fuck it!
- Excuse me. I'm so sorry.
I just... I have to get to the nursing home
to bathe Mr. Peterson by 6:00.
I'm Debbie Spangler.
And she's crazy.
You are a very sweet man.
Bless you.
I try to teach Ede...
that a woman has the right
to be loved...
and to be known.
Yoo-hoo. Anybody home?
I was kinda worried
about you from your call.
You okay, old friend?
Can I go to Costa Rica with you
and learn how to surf and Spanish?
Sure.
Do you wanna come with me to Raleigh
and have dinner with my kids?
If I had left 15 minutes ago,
I'd still be late.
I see you have some
half-finished projects.
- Yeah.
- That's familiar.
Yeah.
Where'd you get these?
They're river stones from the mountains.
I love 'em.
So... hard day?
I mean, do you wanna...
do you wanna tell me about it?
I...
I don't know what I'm doing.
I haven't...
I mean, I really...
I should've been a better parent.
Yeah, I mean,
everybody feels that way. It's...
It's normal.
Yeah, I want you to meet Ede.
Is she... is she here?
No, she won't come here.
Well, do you have a picture?
Yes.
She's wonderful.
I can see you.
I don't want to lose her.
I'd show you...
I'd show you my two if I could,
you know, figure out...
how this thing works.
They're yelling at me...
'cause I'm not on the road.
Okay.
- Are you coming with me?
- Can I stay?
- The night? Of course.
- Can we play around?
For a few days?
- Nope.
- Why not?
I'm on a plane at 6:45 tomorrow morning.
- You're leaving tomorrow?
- Didn't I tell you that?
I'm gonna miss you too, Otto...
now that we've reconnected.
Sorry.
Why don't you come with me?
- What?
- Seriously.
Why not?
A week or so. That's not hard.
Drop everything.
Yeah.
- Could I?
- Yes. Yes. You can.
You can.
Otto...
Follow me.
Ede. Oh, Ede, I'm so glad you picked up.
No, no, no. That's okay. Your mom
told me that you had other plans.
Hey, what are you doing?
That sounds like fun.
Me?
Well, I'm building the walls
of your castle.
Yes. Yes, I am.
Would you...
Maybe you'd wanna come over?
I need to know exactly how you want it.
Yeah.
Sure. Sure there can be.
We can do that.
Yes. Yes. A moat?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org